bear in mind that the events that have
been avoiding or directly for your
benefit as much as you learn through the
various sources of information the truth
is difficult to convey in a way that you
will fully understand without being
backed with firm evidence that will come
after those who block such information
are removed and we will do it such a way
that you are left without any doubt as
to the truth however what tampered
course events follow the main focus will
remain upon you who are preparing to
ascend we are pleased to see that people
are now speaking more freely amongst
themselves about ascension and what it
means for years of elevation after all
it will affect every single soul
regardless of whether they have any
foreknowledge of what is about to take
place simply put you either stay in your
present level of vibration or it is
sufficiently raised to enable you to
ascend with Mother Earth there is no
question of Souls being chosen for
ascension as it is a state of being that
you achieve yourselves if you are ready
you cannot do anything else but rise up
at the higher vibrations take hold
obviously it means that you will find
yourselves with those souls who are very
much like you and ready to participate
in creating a new environment fit for a
civilization that works with light and
love we will by then have been able to
openly work with you and we will
progress together and build a society
that is based upon harmony and balance
in all things until you are lifted up
out of the lower vibrations you will
always find a difficult decree and hold
on to your vision of a new age we share
your frustration where delays are
experienced and are preventing you from
being aware of what is happening behind
the scenes however it is not always wise
to reveal too much where our activities
are concerned but be sure we are
constantly working to bring about
completion the projects involved are
quite challenging and involve a
tremendous amount of cooperation and we
must think our allies for what they have
achieved in extremely difficult
circumstances the objective has always
been to involve you and the changes as
it was never intended that we should do
it all for you together we will proceed
to create the conditions that allow for
disclosure but be prepared for it to
come out in a series of Revelations a
tremendous amount of work has been put
in by our allies and that includes all
of you who are spreading the truth yet
because of the success of the dark ones
in spreading false information there are
still many souls who are finding it
difficult to shift from their present
beliefs whatever there it is hard to
believe that you have been fooled
particularly when you have leaders that
have become respected for their
knowledge the answer is to think for
yourselves and be prepared to change
your views to those that you can
comfortably live with in time you will
be confronted with irrefutable facts and
information that will leave you in no
doubt as to the truth about you and your
civilization ascension is to be your
total release from the lower vibrations
and lift you into a level that is your
true state of being where your creative
powers become more evident your power of
fun is still creating in your present
dimension but it rarely provides you
with an instant result however as a
civilization you have set each turn of
events and it is only in comparatively
recent times that you have lifted
yourselves out of the pit where the
lower vibrations were pulling you down
it is true that you have always had help
but that has been in response to your
pleas and never placed upon you without
it our role is not one where we are
forcing changes upon you as they are
taking place as a natural result of the
upliftment of your vibrations what is
beyond all of our abilities to change is
the process of affection that has been
divinely decreed it is affecting the
whole universe and you are but a small
but nevertheless important part of
what is taking place you could describe
us as the servants of God as we carry
out God's bidding and that is indeed the
function of the galactic federation of
light living in peace and harmony is a
joy that you will yourselves soon
experience in your words do not really
describe how it feels to be in the
higher vibrations there are no harsh or
repulsive energy such as you experienced
on earth and all aspects of your life
are satisfying and uplifting if you
could only set well what we described
you would never want to return to your
own ways or experiences keep it in mind
and let events on earth find their own
path to completion back on earth you are
getting nearer to the actual end time
and in the weeks that remain you will
experience many surges of energy
gradually you will recognize the changes
that they are bringing about within you
and most likely it will be a calmness
that you have created around you is
unaffected by outer happenings start to
live your lives as though you have
already ascended and released any
attachments that you know will not serve
you when you have done so it is not
perfection that is expected whilst you
are on earth is that is virtually
impossible however by being such an
example you are doing much that will
help uplift other souls and your light
will pass on your calmness to others
dear ones we are close to bringing about
some of the events that you have been
waiting for and you must realize by now
that we are reluctant to talk of actual
dates in fact it is not always possible
to be so precise as events on earth
shifts so quickly and we move according
to the most appropriate time we can
remove the illuminati but that will not
immediately bring a cessation of their
activities their controls go deep into
society and we have to cut it off bit by
bit they cannot resurrect their power
bases which have been seriously weakened
by our allies and total collapse is not
far away I am kennis from Sirius and see
the day we can get together looming
large and will so pleased when we can
acknowledge each other in love and light